Dear you,

I am writing to express my anger, because my IP was blocked just now for editing here. the reason given is:

     adding random non-information on user pages
     abuse wiki as a comment session

there is only one thing I need to say

     The perfect is the enemy of the good, being more tolerant is necessary for the wiki to be thriving.

I need to stress my point is based on facts:

 1. when I first came to this wiki, I saw everything was well orgnized, and I really appreciate the hard work of your admins.
 2. but on the other hand, I did searches on cherry-pick, merge, and the results were both:

        No page title matches
 
 there was "text matches", and I went to the matched pages, and again, well organized, but hardly anything useful there.

As a reader, I rank *usefulness* higher than *being formal*, as a editor, I want to do editing in a community environment, so that I can get feedbacks on my ideas.

I am a long time git user, and for me the the real charm of git is giving
people the maximum of freedom, while adding the possibility of success. It
allows all kinds of smart work flows(people inspiration using git in their own
productive way), which I think is hard to learn through the man pages, and
are just the perfect content for git wiki, thus people shall be allowed to
post their ideas, and more importantly to discuss.

e.g. If I post my work flow,
later others see it and make critics, showing me that they are actually doing
the same thing in a much smarter way, then these feedbacks can be
priceless to me(and to people making similar mistakes). However, being tooo
serious about the form simply make this impossible.

Well, flame off. and let us be friends:-)

Regards

Peter(Happypeter here)

Attached the block msg:

You do not have permission to edit this page, for the following reason:
Your user name or IP address has been blocked.

The block was made by Dscho. The reason given is adding random non-information on user pages.

    * Start of block: 09:37, 7 August 2010
    * Expiry of block: infinite
    * Intended blockee: Happypeter 

You can contact Dscho or another administrator to discuss the block. You cannot use the 'e-mail this user' feature unless a valid e-mail address is specified in your account preferences and you have not been blocked from using it. Your current IP address is 119.180.16.45, and the block ID is #27.
Please include all above details in any queries you make.
